This project has brought back some great personal memories for me.

There was a total eclipse in North America on August 21, 2017.
My wife and I decided to settle for seeing a partial eclipse at home because we had a small child and the hotels were booked up everywhere.
We picked up a some special eye protection from the local library and made a viewer out of a cardboard box for our daughter to look through.
It was overcast in Panama City Beach, FL on that day.
My wife and I looked at the radar and noticed that we might be able to make it in time to a clear spot just north of I-10.
We buckled up our one year old daughter and drove north on highway 79 praying for a break in the clouds.
We pulled over to a gas station and viewed a partial eclipse from there.

A trucker noticed us looking at the eclipse and decided to pull over to see it.
He had a brown beer bottle that he was trying to view the eclipse from.
I explained to him that he needed special eye protection to view it and we shared our protective glasses with him so that he could see it without ruining his eyesight.
We also shared our cardboard viewer so that he could see it through the viewer as well.


##

This morning I have the `occfind.c` working correctly.
It tells me that the occultation takes place between the following times.

```
AUG 21,2017  17:51:43.5932   AUG 21,2017  19:00:31.0226
```

This is consistent with what I am seeing online for time the window in which the Greatest Eclipse occurs.
However, this does not seem to include the entire time window in which there is some shadow cast on the Earth by the moon.
It looks like it is only giving the occultation times at the best spot.


##

I do not seem to be able adjust the size of a spice cell.
The coding task says to find all the eclipses, not just the first 200 or whatever I set it to.
I am going to set the cell size to 1, and then incrementally compute the next eclipse.


so this is not doing what I expect it to.
It doesn't clear out after the call.
Is there are way to clear out the spice cell?

I figured out a way to clear out the window interval.
Take another window, and then subtract it from itself and store the output in the one you wish to clear.

see `wndifd_c ( Difference two DP windows )`


I am missing some occultations. They appear to be the ones that cannot be seen from the equator.
